Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: repren
Version: 0.3.10
Summary: repren: Multi-pattern string replacement and file renaming
Home-page: https://github.com/jlevy/repren
Author: Joshua Levy
Author-email: UNKNOWN
License: Apache 2
Download-URL: https://github.com/jlevy/repren/tarball/0.3.10
Description: Repren is a simple but flexible command-line tool for rewriting file contents
        according to a set of regular expression patterns, and to rename or move files
        according to patterns. Essentially, it is a general-purpose, brute-force text
        file refactoring tool. For example, repren could rename all occurrences of
        certain class and variable names in a set of Java source files, while
        simultaneously renaming the Java files according to the same pattern. It's more
        powerful than usual options like `perl -pie`, `rpl`, or `sed`:
        
        - It can also rename files, including moving files and creating directories.
        - It supports fully expressive regular expression substitutions.
        - It performs group renamings, i.e. rename "foo" as "bar", and "bar" as "foo"
          at once, without requiring a temporary intermediate rename.
        - It is careful. It has a nondestructive mode, and prints clear stats on its
          changes. It leaves backups. File operations are done atomically, so
          interruptions never leave a previously existing file truncated or partly
          edited.
        - It supports "magic" case-preserving renames that let you find and rename
          identifiers with case variants (lowerCamel, UpperCamel, lower_underscore, and
          UPPER_UNDERSCORE) consistently.
        - It has this nice documentaion!
        
        If file paths are provided, repren replaces those files in place, leaving a
        backup with extension ".orig". If directory paths are provided, it applies
        replacements recursively to all files in the supplied paths that are not in the
        exclude pattern. If no arguments are supplied, it reads from stdin and writes
        to stdout.
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Environment :: Console
Classifier: Intended Audience :: End Users/Desktop
Classifier: Intended Audience :: System Administrators
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: Apache Software License
Classifier: Operating System :: MacOS :: MacOS X
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX
Classifier: Operating System :: Unix
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7
Classifier: Topic :: Utilities
Classifier: Topic :: Text Processing
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development
